This is some of the code for the paper titled **Semi-Supervised Hate Target Detection** submiited for review


**Abstract**

Detecting hate speech on social media platforms to take them down or provide counter-narratives is a critically important social issue. An absence of this detection and subsequent action will lead to a decreased positive user experience, incite violent actions towards disadvantaged groups, lead to loss of property and lives. Considering how such a solution could impact peoples' everyday lives, it is necessary to function effectively for a diverse group of people. The challenge is to solve the problem of detecting hate speech without creating a new problem or marginalising the target. Thus, additional investigations into existing coarse-grained solutions are necessary with the discourse surrounding human rights infringement and hate speech detection solutions. 
In this study, we focus on detecting the target of a hateful sentence. This approach provides an additional explanation for why a sentence is hateful and clarifies the protected category it is attacking. We design a semi-supervised hate target detection system by ensembling clusters of different text representation schemes that model varying aspects of a sentence. We instantiate these clusters using different new initialization schemes. We propose various methods of labelling the resulting clusters with meaningful labels to identify which target a new sentence is attacking. Our results successfully harness various text representations methods, cluster initialization schemes, and reduced reliance on subjective class labels. Our proposed method could serve as an alternative to coarse-grained text classification methods for detecting hate speech in literature. It provided more explanation and reduced the use of labelled data. We show that our proposed method can cluster sentences addressing a unique target and automatically generate meaningful target labels for each cluster.
